Add device_id param documentation (#5108)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/binary_sensor/index.rst

  See https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/entity/#generic-properties
  for a list of available options.
  Set to ``""`` to remove the default entity category.

> - **device_id** (*Optional*, string): Identifier of the sub‑device this entity belongs to. Must match the id of an entry in :ref:`esphome.devices <esphome-devices>`. If omitted, the entity remains attached to the main ESP device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **device_id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Identifier of the sub‑device this entity belongs to. Must match the id of an entry in :ref:`esphome.devices <esphome-devices>`. If omitted, the entity remains attached to the main device.
```
